# LibreSurf
Tired of everything you do online being tracked and sold to the highest bidder? Me too. LibreSurf doesn't do that. I'm not interested in selling anything to anyone. I just want you to have the best browsing experience possible without having to worry about who's watching. LibreSurf is developed from the ground up entirely by volunteers - there is no profit motive, and therefore one fewer way to convince us to do anything shady with your data. 

## Privacy first

Out of the box, LibreSurf is configured to block most ads and trackers on the web. It's completely open-source, so if you find that it doesn't already meet your privacy needs, you can configure it to do so (and hopefully submit a pull request so others can benefit from your changes!) The threat landscape is of course always changing, so the project will continue to adapt to new anti-privacy practices as they emerge.

### Words of warning

The originator of this project lives in the United States and therefore must comply with all applicable American laws. Unfortunately, the United States is a participant in the infamous [Five Eyes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five_Eyes) alliance, so he cannot -- and does not -- claim that he or any of the tools used to develop this project is at all inaccessible to that most egregious usurper of one of our most fundamental rights. But he can offer assurance that, to date, no known breach of this project's chain of trust has been detected (or ordered by any third party such as a court of law[.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warrant_canary)) End users of this project (or any of its constituent parts) are ultimately responsible for ensuring they follow best practices for securing their data. In particular, this project cannot and does not guarantee the security of any network, computer, device, or website it operates on or interacts with. Users are encouraged to learn about the privacy practices of all websites that they use to determine whether it is safe to trust them with their data. Users are also reminded that physical security can render moot all other forms of security, so at least be aware of anyone who might be looking over your shoulder.